OSDOCS-5260:Etcd docs for MicroShift (#56833)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/microshift-observe-debug-etcd-server.adoc

// Module included in the following assemblies:
//
//* microshift_support/microshift-etcd.adoc

:_content-type: PROCEDURE
[id="microshift-observe-debug-etcd-server_{context}"]
= Observe and debug the {product-title} etcd server

You can gather `journalctl` logs to observe and debug the etcd server logs.

.Prerequisites

> * You have installed the OpenShift CLI (oc).

Reviewer: `oc` is not used in this procedure, so I don't think it's needed.

> * You have run the command `systemctl start microshift` as part of the {product-title} start-up.

Reviewer 2: I would say that we need to have MicroShift service running as a prerequisite without mentioning the command. There is more than one way to start the service, so mentioning something concrete here is a bit misleading.

.Procedure

* To get the logs for etcd, run the following command:
+
[source,terminal]
----

> $ journalctl -u microshift-etcd

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
$ journalctl -u microshift-etcd.scope
```
Also, it needs to run as privileged user ( `$` suggests regular user, is that the case?)

Reviewer 2: Yes, the command must be `$ sudo journalctl -u microshift-etcd.scope`

----
+
[NOTE]
====

> etcd logs are not with {product-title} logs in `journalctl -u microshift`. etcd logs are found in `journalctl -u microshift-etcd.scope`.

Reviewer 2: I do not think this note should repeat both commands. 
```suggestion
{product-title} logs can be accessed separately from etcd logs using the `sudo journalctl -u microshift` command
```
